hi YouTube this morning I woke up and
this beauty was outside my door so I am
so excited to open this box and see what
tell afresh has to offer this is my
first delivery and as I had told you
guys in another video I'm a busy mom of
two I just had my second son and finding
ways to be creative and get really
healthy good food on the table day after
day is really challenging I'm
sleep-deprived I have no creativity in
the kitchen and I I don't know I really
really need some like serious cooking
lessons so I'm really excited to start
using hello fresh and hopefully pick up
some new skills and new recipes that we
all love and I just love the fact that
it is a delivery box that has all the
ingredients for the recipes included um
so let's get it opened and see what's
inside and try get this video done as
quickly as possible because I do have
two little ones waiting on my attention
so just opening up the box right on top
there is card with just it talks about
all the ways of the unit is packed where
the food comes from and their commitment
to fresh food and then after that we
find I guess these are the recipe cards
for the week of what the dish is
supposed to look like and all these
steps to prepare it and then we have a
little welcome guide and the actual
boxes okay so this one says speedy pork
stir-fry and it's self-contained it
looks like
[Music]
here it shredded already I know honey I
know and we got the oyster sauce soy
stock a little piece of ginger some oh
my goodness
what is it garlic jasmine rice two packs
of jasmine rice garlic and sesame oil
and some more soy sauce so it looks like
everything is perfectly portioned out
and properly labeled so there's no
hiccups in math department so that's
really nice that's one box and then
we've got the same for the smoky beef
taco and then you've got the sticky
honey roasted chicken box as well
further down it's for the chill them is
like refrigerated foil type thing with
cardboard on the outside and we've got
Free Run Farms chicken lean ground beef
it's just a local sustainable raised
without antibiotics or am online
products that's great this is pork
sirloin strips and some more pork Marvy
more chicken and then these are just the
freezer packs so that these things can
stay extra chilled for however long that
deliveries gonna sit outside your door
it just so happens that we usually how
old I am stay home mom
so we're home to receive the delivery
but if someone were at work it would
need to stay cool for up to eight hours
ten hours who knows how long deliver it
so they did package it really really
well and it's a really greatly insulated
box so that was great oh so continue to
come back and see how it goes with us
cooking these meals I will open each one
of those boxes on a different night and
prepare it for dinner thanks for
watching subscribe my channel I put out
new videos every week products services
and my must-have lists all the time
I'm also will link to a coupon code down
below that will get you $50 off your
first delivery thanks so much for
watching bye guys